Add a internal page for every k8s distro (#720)
stackabletech/documentation: modules/ROOT/pages/kubernetes/ibm-cloud.adoc

= IBM Cloud Kubernetes Service

https://www.ibm.com/products/kubernetes-service

IBM Cloud Kubernetes Service uses a non-standard Kubelet state directory.

> Therefore, installing the secret-operator and listener-operator on IBM Cloud Kubernetes Service requires  special handling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this reason installing the secret-operator and listener-operator on IBM Cloud Kubernetes Service requires special handling.
```

Author: Changed in 7b93ae4
